README.md, before:

# The Popular 2048 GAME in Python

### In this project, I have built the 2048 game in Python both with a UI Interface and a Console Version.

The Game for the UI Version has been created using the standard GUI Python Library - Tkinter.

**Steps to Run the Game :**
1. Fork the Repository in your personal github space and clone the repository to your local desktop machine or download a ZIP File of the Project Repository
2. Open the downloaded ZIP Folder and extract the project folder and open it on a Code Editor or IDE such as VSCode, if you have cloned the repository then open it on a Code Editor or IDE.
3. Here, you will find three python files named as `UI_game_2048.py` , `Console_game_2048.py` and `colors.py`.
4. Run the python file `UI_game_2048.py` to play the UI version of the 2048 game where a new window pops up with a colored UI
5. Run the python fike `Console_game_2048.py` to play the console game version of the 2048 game where the game starts running in the terminal itself.
6. The instructions to play the game for the terminal version is displayed clearly once the game starts in the console.

Commit message:

Updates and Fixes in the Readme and code files

README.md, after:

# The Popular 2048 GAME in Python

### In this project, I have built the 2048 game in Python, using a UI Interface as well as implementing on a Console Version.

The Game for the UI Version has been created using the standard GUI Python Library - Tkinter.

**Steps to Run the Game :**
1. Fork the Repository in your personal github space and clone the repository to your local desktop machine or download a ZIP File of the Project Repository
2. Open the downloaded ZIP Folder and extract the project folder and open it on a Code Editor or IDE such as VSCode, if you have cloned the repository then open it on a Code Editor or IDE.
3. Here, you will find three python files named as `UI_game_2048.py` , `Console_game_2048.py` and `colors.py`.
4. Run the python file `UI_game_2048.py` to play the UI version of the 2048 game where a new window pops up with a colored UI
5. Run the python fike `Console_game_2048.py` to play the console game version of the 2048 game where the game starts running in the terminal itself.
6. The instructions to play the game for the console version is displayed clearly once the game starts in the console.

In this Project repository, the code has been written in such a way that the code can be scaled for 8X8 Board and instead of 2048, a 4096 version of the game can also be implemented.

Hence, the input variables for board dimensions (4X4) or (8X8) is taken from the user itself and the Final Winning Number (2048 or 4096) is also taken from the user before the game starts getting executed.
